testdata-gen/README.md, before:

# PolkaBTC Testdata

Generate testdata for the BTC-Parachain with this handy toolkit.

## Examples

```shell
source ../.env
cargo run -- --keyring bob set-exchange-rate --exchange-rate 1
cargo run -- --keyring bob api-call vault request-replace --amount 1000 --griefing-collateral 1000
```

## Detailed Options

When using cargo to run the vault, arguments to cargo and the vault are separated by `--`. For example, to pass `--help` to the tool to get a list of all command line options that is guaranteed to be up date, run:

```
cargo run -- --help
```

For convenience, a modified version of this output is included below. Note that the bitcoin RPC configuration can be passed either as command line arguments, or as environment variables. By running `source ../.env`, the default RPC configuration is loaded into environment variables. 

This tool uses subcommands, e.g. `cargo run -- --keyring bob set-exchange-rate`, and some of these have subcommands of themselves. For example, vault api-calls are made with `cargo run -- api-call vault <API_SUBCOMMAND>`. To get more info about sub commands, use `--help`, e.g.  `cargo run -- request-issue --help` or `cargo run -- api-call vault register-vault --help`.


```
USAGE:
    cargo run -- [OPTIONS] --bitcoin-rpc-url <bitcoin-rpc-url> --bitcoin-rpc-user <bitcoin-rpc-user> --bitcoin-rpc-pass <bitcoin-rpc-pass> <SUBCOMMAND>

FLAGS:
    -h, --help       Prints help information
    -V, --version    Prints version information

OPTIONS:
        --bitcoin-rpc-pass <bitcoin-rpc-pass>    [env: BITCOIN_RPC_PASS=]
        --bitcoin-rpc-url <bitcoin-rpc-url>      [env: BITCOIN_RPC_URL=]
        --bitcoin-rpc-user <bitcoin-rpc-user>    [env: BITCOIN_RPC_USER=]
        --keyring <keyring>                      Keyring used to sign transactions [default: alice; valid values: alice, bob, charlie, dave, eve, ferdie]
        --polka-btc-url <polka-btc-url>
            Parachain URL, can be over WebSockets or HTTP [default: ws://127.0.0.1:9944]


SUBCOMMANDS:
    accept-replace       Accept replace request of another vault
    api-call             Send a API request
    ├── vault                         Send an API message to the vault
    │   ├── lock-additional-collateral    Tell the vault to lock additional collateral
    │   ├── register-vault                Tell the vault to register itself
    │   ├── request-replace               Tell the vault to place a replace request
    │   ├── update-btc-address            Tell the vault to update its BTC address
    │   ├── withdraw-collateral           Tell the vault to withdraw collateral
    │   └── withdraw-replace              Tell the vault to withdraw a replace request
    └── relayer                       Send an API message to the staked relayer
        ├── account-id                    Get the account id of the relayer
        ├── deregister                    Tell the relayer to deregister itself
        ├── register                      Tell the relayer to register itself
        ├── suggest-status-update         Tell the relayer to issue a status update suggestion
        ├── system-health                 Get the status of the parachain
        └── vote-on-status-update         Tell the relayer to vote on a status update suggestion
    execute-redeem       Send BTC to user, must be called by vault
    execute-replace      Accept replace request of another vault
    get-btc-tx-fees      Get the current estimated bitcoin transaction fees
    get-current-time     Get the time as reported by the chain
    get-exchange-rate    Get the current DOT to BTC exchange rate
    register-vault       Register a new vault using the global keyring
    request-issue        Request issuance of PolkaBTC and transfer to vault
    request-redeem       Request that PolkaBTC be burned to redeem BTC
    request-replace      Request another vault to takeover
    send-bitcoin         Send BTC to an address
    set-btc-tx-fees      Set the current estimated bitcoin transaction fees
    set-exchange-rate    Set the DOT to BTC exchange rate
```

Commit message:

feat: key-file support for all clients

testdata-gen/README.md, after:

# PolkaBTC Testdata

Generate testdata for the BTC-Parachain with this handy toolkit.

## Examples

```shell
source ../.env
cargo run -- --keyring bob set-exchange-rate --exchange-rate 1
cargo run -- --keyring bob api-call vault request-replace --amount 1000 --griefing-collateral 1000
```

## Detailed Options

When using cargo to run the vault, arguments to cargo and the vault are separated by `--`. For example, to pass `--help` to the tool to get a list of all command line options that is guaranteed to be up date, run:

```
cargo run -- --help
```

For convenience, a modified version of this output is included below. Note that the bitcoin RPC configuration can be passed either as command line arguments, or as environment variables. By running `source ../.env`, the default RPC configuration is loaded into environment variables. 

This tool uses subcommands, e.g. `cargo run -- --keyring bob set-exchange-rate`, and some of these have subcommands of themselves. For example, vault api-calls are made with `cargo run -- api-call vault <API_SUBCOMMAND>`. To get more info about sub commands, use `--help`, e.g.  `cargo run -- request-issue --help` or `cargo run -- api-call vault register-vault --help`.


```
USAGE:
    cargo run -- [OPTIONS] --bitcoin-rpc-url <bitcoin-rpc-url> --bitcoin-rpc-user <bitcoin-rpc-user> --bitcoin-rpc-pass <bitcoin-rpc-pass> <SUBCOMMAND>

FLAGS:
    -h, --help       Prints help information
    -V, --version    Prints version information

OPTIONS:
        --bitcoin-rpc-pass <bitcoin-rpc-pass>    [env: BITCOIN_RPC_PASS=]
        --bitcoin-rpc-url <bitcoin-rpc-url>      [env: BITCOIN_RPC_URL=]
        --bitcoin-rpc-user <bitcoin-rpc-user>    [env: BITCOIN_RPC_USER=]
        --key-file <key-file>
            Path to the json file containing key pairs in a map. Valid content of this file is e.g.
            `{ "MyUser1": "<credentials>", "MyUser2": "<credentials>" }`. Credentials should be a
            `0x`-prefixed 64-digit hex string, or a BIP-39 key phrase of 12, 15, 18, 21 or 24 words.
            See `sp_core::from_string_with_seed` for more details
        --key-name <key-name>
            The name of the account from the key-file to use
        --keyring <keyring>
            Keyring to use, mutually exclusive with key-file [alid values: alice, bob, charlie, 
            dave, eve, ferdie]
        --polka-btc-url <polka-btc-url>
            Parachain URL, can be over WebSockets or HTTP [default: ws://127.0.0.1:9944]


SUBCOMMANDS:
    accept-replace       Accept replace request of another vault
    api-call             Send a API request
    ├── vault                         Send an API message to the vault
    │   ├── lock-additional-collateral    Tell the vault to lock additional collateral
    │   ├── register-vault                Tell the vault to register itself
    │   ├── request-replace               Tell the vault to place a replace request
    │   ├── update-btc-address            Tell the vault to update its BTC address
    │   ├── withdraw-collateral           Tell the vault to withdraw collateral
    │   └── withdraw-replace              Tell the vault to withdraw a replace request
    └── relayer                       Send an API message to the staked relayer
        ├── account-id                    Get the account id of the relayer
        ├── deregister                    Tell the relayer to deregister itself
        ├── register                      Tell the relayer to register itself
        ├── suggest-status-update         Tell the relayer to issue a status update suggestion
        ├── system-health                 Get the status of the parachain
        └── vote-on-status-update         Tell the relayer to vote on a status update suggestion
    execute-redeem       Send BTC to user, must be called by vault
    execute-replace      Accept replace request of another vault
    get-btc-tx-fees      Get the current estimated bitcoin transaction fees
    get-current-time     Get the time as reported by the chain
    get-exchange-rate    Get the current DOT to BTC exchange rate
    register-vault       Register a new vault using the global keyring
    request-issue        Request issuance of PolkaBTC and transfer to vault
    request-redeem       Request that PolkaBTC be burned to redeem BTC
    request-replace      Request another vault to takeover
    send-bitcoin         Send BTC to an address
    set-btc-tx-fees      Set the current estimated bitcoin transaction fees
    set-exchange-rate    Set the DOT to BTC exchange rate
```
